now when the adversaries of Judah and
Benjamin heard that the descendants of
the captivity were building the temple
of the Lord God of Israel they came to
zerubabbel and the heads of the father's
houses and said to them let us build
with you for we seek your God as you do
and we have sacrificed to him since the
days of easer hadn't king of Assyria who
brought us here but zerubabbel and
Joshua and the rest of the heads of the
father's houses of Israel said to them
you made you nothing with us to build
the house for our God but we alone will
build to the Lord God of Israel as King
Cyrus the king of Persia has commanded
us then the people of the land tried to
discourage the people of Judah they
troubled them in building and hired
counselors against them to frustrate
their purpose all the days of Cyrus king
of Persia even until the reign of Darius
king of Persia in the reign of a has you
eros in the beginning of his reign they
wrote an accusation against the
inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem in
the days of artaxerxes also fish lamb
Mithra death table and the rest of their
companions road to artaxerxes king of
persia and the letter was written in
aramaic script and translated into the
Aramaic language Rehan the commander and
shimshi the scribe wrote a letter
against Jerusalem King Artaxerxes in
this fashion from William the commander
symchay the scribe and the rest of their
companions representatives of the dye
knights the afar skypes
the tar polites the people of Persia and
Iraq and Babylon and Shushan the dije
veidt's the Elamites and the rest of the
nations whom the great and noble a
sniper took captive and settled in the
cities of Samaria and the remainder
beyond the river
and so forth - King Artaxerxes from your
servants the men of the region beyond
the river and so forth let it be known
to the king that the Jews who came up
from you have come to us at Jerusalem
and are building the rebellious and evil
City and are finishing its walls and
repairing the foundations let it now be
known to the king that if this city is
built and the walls completed they will
not pay tax tribute or custom and the
Kings Treasury will be diminished now
because we receive support from the
palace it was not proper for us to see
the Kings dishonour therefore we have
sent and informed the king that search
may be made in the book of the records
of your father's and you will find in
the book of the records and know that
this city is a rebellious City harmful
to Kings and provinces and that they
have incited sedition within the city in
former times for which cause the city
was destroyed we informed the king that
if this city is rebuilt and its walls
are completed the result will be that
you will have no dominion beyond the
river the king sent an answer to Reem
the commander to shim Shai the scribe to
the rest of their companions who dwell
in Samaria and to the remainder beyond
the river peace and so forth the letter
of which you sent to us has been clearly
read before me and I gave the command
and a search has been made and it was
found that this city in former times has
revolted against Kings and rebellion and
sedition have been fostered in it there
have also been mighty kings over
Jerusalem who have ruled over all the
region beyond the river a tax tribute
and custom were paid to them now give
the command to make these men cease that
the city may not be built until the
command is given by me take heed now
that you
not fail to do this why should damage
increase to the hurt of the Kings now
when the copy of King Artaxerxes letter
was read before Rehim shim shy the
scribe and their companions they went up
in haste to Jerusalem against the Jews
and by force of arms made them cease
thus the work of the house of God which
is at Jerusalem ceased and it was
discontinued until the second year of
the reign of Dirac's king of Persia
[Music]
you